(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
Kane is in the building, nigga...
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top
When only heaven ’3 right above it, we on
’Cause we on
Who else is really trying to fuck
with Hollywood Cole?
I’m with Marley G, bro
Flying Holly Grove chicks
to my Hollywood shows
And / wanna tell you
something that you probably should know
This that
Slum Dog Millionaire Bol/ywood flow
And...
My real friends
never hearing from me
Fake friends write the wrong
answers on the mirror for me
That’s why / pick and choose
/ don ’t get shit confused
Don ’t like my women sing/e
/ like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls is down to roll
/ hit the strip club
and all them bitches ﬁnd the pole
Plus, lbeen sippin’
So this shit is movin’ kinda slow
Just tell my girl
to tell her friend that it’s time to go
(MEN SHOUTING)
Mom, Dad's home!
This is quite the spread, Spencey.
When did you become such a griddle man?
I got tired of my eggs getting cold
while I signed autographs.
Oh, my God. I know what you mean.
That's so annoying, right?
(LAUGHS) Joe, why don't you share
the good news with the boys?
JOE: Yeah? All right.
I worked a little magic with Maximo
and got him down to 150 grand.
SPENCER: The man has delivered.
500 to 150? That's... Damn, worm.
JASON: It’s a good deal, Vernon.
Ah, there you are, J. We thought we lost you.
I'm everywhere I need to be at all times.
Including the golf course.
Listen, I got a family emergency
that couldn't be helped.
But I'm telling you to give her the money.
It’s a no-brainer.
Hey, listen, Vern.
Look, we don't like this either, okay?
But the pictures she has can hurt you.
And all things considered,
$150,000 is a fucking fire sale.
It's a gift from God.
And Joe Krutel.
(SIGHS) But I'm the one giving
my hard-earned cash away.
This shit ain't right.
You just got your roster bonus in.
Let's pretend it never happened.
l was gonna use that
to square things with you.
You can pay him back
when Jason closes your contract extension.
JASON: Buddy, it’s only days away if you pay.
But if I pay her, where the fuck does it end?
Tell you what. I'll pay her.
Huh?
What?
You pay me what you owe me out of
your roster bonus and I'll take it from there.
-That works for me.
-l'm sure it does, Reg.
(VERNON SIGHS)
SPENCER: Vernon, come here.
Let me talk to you a second. Come on.
All right, look, here's the deal.
It was our party. I invited you.
I let things get out of control.
Okay? I'm gonna pay Maximo the money,
I'm gonna get back our photo files,
and then it's done.
No hard feelings, no debt owed.
-You sure about this, Spence?
-1,000% sure.
If they had Snapchat and lnstagram
back when l was your age,
shit, I would have been put on a lifetime ban.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
I had to start paying attention.
That's the thing I want from you, Vern.
From now on,
I want you to start paying attention.
Here, look at me. Look at me.
So, let's learn from this, let's be smart,
let's move on, the both of us.
Hey, man, you keep preaching,
I'll keep learning.
Come on. (CHUCKLES)
-Thanks, man.
-You got it.
Hey, so, you going to see Maximo now?
No, I'm gonna drop by Tina's.
I gotta take care
of some Roddney business first.
Okay. How is Rod?
He's still dead, man.
Oh. Shit. My bad.
Take it easy, Spencey.
That's big of you, man,
picking up the kid's tab,
but 150K is a lot of money.
Let me split it with you, all right?
-No. No, no, no.
-Fifty-fifty. Come on.
No, no. Thank you, though. I know Angie.
I'll take care of it. You get the next one.
Assuming there is a next one.
Oh, you bet your ass there will be.
-No doubt about it.
-(GROANS)
-Goddamn! You got the i8.
-Hmm?
Yeah, is this enough of an upgrade
for you or what?
(LAUGHS)
All right, so, I'll call Max,
set up the meeting,
meet you there after Tae Bo.
Oh, listen to this thing purr, all right?
(SILENCE)
-Hold on.
-You gotta put your foot on the brake...
-I know, I know.
-Wowl I don't know why I said it.
-(CAR WHIRRING AND CHIMING)
-SPENCER: Ah.
Still getting a feel for it, that's all.
Have fun at Tae Bo.
Don't do it. Don't do it.
Just be cool. You fucked up.
You fucked up
and now you gotta give her space.
She'll be divine and forgive.
You just gotta be cool.
Just gotta be cool.
Shit.
(DIALING)
-Hi, this is Annabel/a Ruiz.
-Be nice. Be nice.
-Leave a message and I’ll get back to you.
-(MACH|NE BEEPS)
You must be crazy leaving me.
(SHOUTING) Word?
You gonna leave Ricky Jerret?
You must be fucking insane!
Fucking insane!
(SIGHS)
Why'd I do that? Why'd I do that?
-(LAUGHS)
-All right, so, what you want to do,
-you want to broil this at about 450 degrees...
-Okay.
...so the top stays nice and crunchy,
the inside stays nice and moist.
Now, that right there, Tina,
is Grandma's recipe.
You're gonna love it.
Mmm. Nice to see you
wearing your chef's hat again.
-Well, it's, uh, therapeutic.
-(CHUCKLES)
Where's Junior at? Is he around?
-Footbal| practice.
-This early in the summer?
Yeah, had him playing 7-on-7
over at Central High,
same place Rod set all those state records.
But for Junior, it's AAU.
Pretty much a year-round thing now.
SPENCER: Do you have
any concern about him playing?
No, l grill the coaches
about proper technique,
so he knows how
to protect himself. (CHUCKLES)
Stays out every night till the lights go out.
Still the best way for him
to connect with his father, you know?
SPENCER: Yeah.
Far better than this.
Wow.
Roddney always knew
-how to make an entrance.
-(CHUCKLES)
-What are you gonna do with him?
-I just did it.
No. No, no, no.
Roddney needs to be at
home with you and RJ.
The gardener spent more time here
than Roddney did.
Road trips, charity events, camps.
Other extracurricular activities.
Spencer, please.
-You'|l figure out what to do with him.
-No, no.
I don't even know what to do with myself.
If anyone can find a final resting place
for him, it's you.
Where do | start?
I don't know where to start with this.
It's not about where you start,
it's where you finish.
There you are.
l was getting worried. Was the traffic bad?
No, but I did consider driving off the bridge
a couple times on the way down here.
-You look skinny.
-l'm too busy to eat, Ma.
-Come on, where is this guy?
-He's in the kitchen, juicing.
-PEDs?
-No.
Kale, lemon, ginger, cayenne pepper.
It tastes like ass,
but it's supposed to be good for you.
Now, I want you to be nice to David.
He's been very kind,
and it's been a while since your father left me.
He didn't leave you, Ma. He died.
I don't know where this is going,
but David wants to get serious.
Like, how serious?
Well, exclusive.
No more sex outside the relationship.
(SIGHS) I'm gonna throw up.
Don't. Listen to me.
I want your opinion before fully committing.
I love you, Ma. All right?
So, if you're happy, I'm happy.
(CHUCKLES) Good.
-Now let's meet David.
-Okay.
MOTHER: David?
DAVID: Yeah?
Look who's here.
Hey, dude. You must be Jason.
JASON: Oh, shit.
You must be young.
It's great the way
Ricky opened up the way he did.
And on national TV.
Shit, shocked the hell out of me.
Talking about his dad like that
took some balls.
Textbook Ricky. Digs himself a hole
and then he charms his way out of it.
Well, I sure hate to
throw that brother a shovel,
but he is out of control, Bella.
All right? That's what I came here to tell you.
Do you want me to pretend to be shocked?
You know? So you don't feel
like you wasted your time?
(CHUCKLES)
He's got another house.
He calls it the Funhouse.
I had to pull Charles' big behind out of there
the other day.
Girl, he was high as a giraffe's ass.
They have a sex room and a love pond,
a whole bunch of nasty skanks
roaming the halls.
Just disgusting.
I kicked one of his housemates in the dick,
if that makes you feel any better.
You knew about this Funhouse?
I heard about it a couple times.
-The girls, they talk about it.
-They don't talk to me.
Nobody wanted to embarrass you.
And what do you think I am right now?
I would say embarrassed,
ashamed, furious, mortified...
Over it. I'm just over it.
Can we go get a real drink?
Hell, yeah, we can go get a real drink, girl.
We can get a whole bunch of real drinks.
Girl, you deserve it.
-CHARLES: So, what don't you understand?
-All of it.
Now, what's that "gun trips right
Z short 75 max combo fade" shit?
What the fuck am I running?
(GRUNTS)
This route's easy, Rick.
You're on the front side.
The combo speaks of
the strength of the formation.
You run a quick out,
and the fade is for the X on the backside.
See? You see what I'm talking about?
Now, you might as well
be speaking Swahili right now.
You need to sit still
for a few minutes and focus.
Shit, I am focused, man. That shit's fucked.
The system's fucked.
This ain't got nothing to do with the system.
This is all about Annabella, ain't it?
Yeah, your girl left you again,
and this time it's driving you crazy because
you know you really messed things up.
No, I'm not thinking about her,
what's-her-name, at all.
-Oh, no?
-No.
Well, why you been banging out
on the leg press for 20 minutes straight, then?
-(GRUNTS)
-Somebody going at it that hard
might be trying to blow off some steam.
Some steam created by his girl leaving him.
You know what? Fine, all right?
You're right. You happy?
Man, I hate this shit, man.
What the fuck she leave me for?
She reached her breaking point.
That surprises you?
Hell, yeah. Well, how was I supposed to
see that coming?
You weren't.
You were supposed to be better to her
so it never came.
ljust want her to call me back, man.
Is that so much to ask for?
Let me ask you something.
Do you love Annabella
or do you just hate being alone?
I don't know. What's the difference?
All right. I'll ask you another way.
Do you want her or do you need her?
I need her.
Well, I mean, lwant her.
I don't know, man. lwant her and need her.
What the fuck are you
throwing these trick questions at me for?
All right, listen.
Quit calling. Go see your girl.
(LATIN MUSIC PLAYING)
Thanks for coming.
I feel boxed in at the office.
Prefer to do business in the field.
SPENCER: Something we have in common.
Bang that waitress from the track yet or what?
-Not yet, but she makes a hell of an intern.
-(JOE LAUGHS)
Don't mind if I do.
No, I'm good.
Maximo, listen, man.
I'm glad we can finally agree on a price.
And I hope your other buyers
weren't too devastated.
Nah.
-ls there a problem?
-A slight change of plans.
Maximo, we had an agreement, okay?
$150,000. We shook hands.
It's not my call.
Miss Lee wants a cherry on top.
Does she also want a pint of Vernon's blood?
How about his first-born child?
Would she like that?
She simply wants a sit-down.
No. No, we're not gonna do that.
We're not gonna put Vernon in that situation.
No sit-down.
It's not Vernon she wants to sit down with.
It's you, Spencer.
She wants to see your face
when you hand her the check.
-Maybe catch up on old times.
-He'll do it.
No, I won't do it.
No, he will not do it.
No, I'm not gonna fucking do it.
It was $150,000, no sit-down.
What's next? She has more pictures?
She wants more money?
Look, don't shoot the messenger, okay?
It's 150, a sit-down, or there's no deal.
There's no fucking sit-down!
You call us all the way down here
when you knew
the fucking deal wasn't square?
There is no fucking sit-down.
Here's her goddamn check.
She cashes it when | get my pictures.
Good luck fucking your intern.
You need all the luck you can get.
Look at that. Got an autograph after all.
Sell it. Buy better cigars.
(SIGHS) Dick.
(HOOD Go CRAZY PLAYING ON STEREO)
Believe I do this shit for a living now?
(CHUCKLES)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SIGHS) Fuck.
God damn it.
Come here, buddy.
Damn. A little bit more.
Shit. All right.
Sorry about that, Rod.
(SEAT BELT CLICKS)
It's called a seat belt, brother.
(RINGING DOORBELL)
(SIGHS)
-Gina.
-Ricky Jerret. Should have known.
You looking good. Looking good.
-Where's Bella?
-Not here.
-Well, where she at?
-I don't know, Ricky.
Are you conspiring?
-Conspiring to what?
-To make me miserable, that's what.
No, I'm not conspiring to make you miserable.
-Although I am enjoying it.
-Yeah, right, I bet you are.
-Excuse me. What are you doing?
-I bet you are. Looking for Bella.
(SHOUTING) Bella! Bella, where you at?
Baby! Baby!
-I told you, she's not here.
-Bella!
You're lying, and you're lying.
Annabella! Annabella!
Uh...
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I'm gonna wait till she gets back.
No, you're not waiting here, Ricky.
Yes, I am.
Unless you want to tell me where she is.
Wait, let me get this straight.
You try and fuck me behind Annabella's back
and now you want me to help you find her?
That was a mistake and it was a long time ago.
It's never gonna happen again.
And I'm notjust saying that
'cause of the way you look
with that goop on your face.
Ricky, you're an asshole.
(SIGHS) Yeah, I'm working on that.
Well, work on it elsewhere
or I'm calling the cops.
Call the cops. Let's have a party.
Give me the TV remote.
Get some popcorn and some liquor.
All right? I ain't going nowhere
until I talk to Annabella.
(SIGHS) Fuck. Fine.
She said she's going to Hoy Como Ayer
with a friend tonight.
Hoy Como what? What friend? Who?
Julie. They're meeting some people there.
-Ju|ie Greane?
-Yes.
l was lying. You do look like shit.
You look terrible. You smell, too.
Whatever. I look hot as fuck.
MOTHER: Oh, you're missing a piece.
DAVID: Oh.
-We|l, that's a good one. There you go.
-DAVID: Hmm.
-Mmm.
-MOTHER: Oh. (LAUGHS)
Oh. No, it's okay, baby. I got it.
(CHUCKLES) Was she like this with you?
Not exactly.
So, how long you been teaching
at the club, David?
He doesn'tjust teach golf.
He's trying to qualify for his tour card.
Oh, you want to go pro?
That's my dream.
I'm number one at the Hooters Tour.
You didn't make the Victoria's Secret Tour?
Oh. (CHUCKLES)
There isn't a Victoria's Secret Tour.
I'm aware of that, David.
Hey, maybe you could rep me.
(SNICKERS) Yeah, maybe.
How long have you been playing?
Since lwas a child.
It's kind of like banging my head
into a brick wall over and over again,
but I'm not giving up. I love the game.
I hated it. It seemed so stupid and boring.
And then Jason talked me into taking lessons
and then, pow,
no more moping around for me.
You know, Ma, yoga is also another great way
to take your mind off things.
Hey, we should all go play a round sometime.
-MOTHER: Oh, that's a great idea.
-Yeah.
MOTHER: You love the course here.
And I've still got Lou's clubs in the closet.
You know, they're old, but they're still,
you know, they're so pure.
I shot a hell of a round with them
the other day.
You used my father's clubs?
Yeah, mine were being regripped.
You remember that beautiful bag
you got Dad for Father's Day?
Hey, we could tee off
before my lesson tomorrow.
You know, the season's about to start.
I'm, uh, swamped at the office.
MOTHER: Oh, what office?
He's got 100 clients
and doesn't even have an assistant.
DAVID: No, I used to be like that, too.
You know, so independent.
And then I met your mother,
(CHUCKLES)
and, well, everything's really changed for me.
-(CRACKING)
-(MOANING)
(CLATTERS)
-(MUSIC PLAYING)
-(PEOPLE CHATTING)
You know, Sun Life Stadium would be
a good place to spread Roddney.
Since you guys both played for the U
-and then the Fins.
-Mmm-hmm.
Lot of good times on that field.
And off it.
No?
What's the problem?
I don't know.
I think, in a way,
that's kind of what killed him.
All the good times.
Has a way of making a man feel invincible.
(SNICKERS)
You know, my favorite times of playing
were Pop Warner and high school.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah, when things were a lot simpler.
You really break it down,
we were playing for the love.
-School pride.
-Come on.
Family. Community.
-Pussy.
-Always balling for the pussy.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
What's up, Rick?
Having a drink with Spence and Rod.
No, I don't know nothing about it.
Do not go over there, Ricky.
No, it's not a... Ricky!
We gotta roll, man.
Ricky's on the warpath again.
God.
-(LATIN MUSIC PLAYING)
-(PEOPLE CHEERING)
MOTHER: There we go, all done.
Yep. I'm gonna
go watch David Feherty for a bit.
The man's a genius.
MOTHER: Okay, sweetie.
I'll be there in a minute.
-Jason, nice to meet you.
-(LAUGHS) All right, dude.
DAVID: If you need me,
you know where to find me.
Take it easy, bro.
He kind of grows on you, right?
The only thing growing on me, Ma,
is a brain tumor.
I remember a few gems
you paraded in front of me.
And most of them were half your age.
-That's totally different.
-Really? How so?
They weren't using me to get to you.
You really think that that's what he's after?
An agent?
That's all he talked about all night.
Well, he's passionate about his dream.
And me.
Look, Ma, you don't want to
lock it down with this guy,
all right? Trust me.
There's plenty of guys around here your age
that would be lucky to have a woman like you.
You're beautiful, you're smart.
You're the best. You're my mom.
All right. I guess you're right.
Of course I'm right.
I'll go talk to him.
It's gonna be okay.
Let him down easy.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
CHARLES: You see him?
RICKY: (SHOUTS) Fuck you!
CHARLES: Excuse me. Excuse me.
Corning through. Corning through.
RICKY: Bella, how you gonna do me like that?
Are you crazy, Ricky? Go home!
What, so you can get with
Jolly Green Giant over here?
-You better chill out there, Jerret.
-Are you serious?
You don't want to drag me into this.
You're gonna have enough
problems dealing with her.
Bird. Bird, we're good. Come on, Rick.
Everybody just calm the fuck down.
Hey, your boy's nuts, Spencer.
He gonna come over here acting all crazy.
I'm in the middle of a conversation with Bella.
I'm gonna fuck him up.
-We got him, Bird.
-Bella, just come home, baby.
If you're so lonely, go back to your Funhouse.
I'm sure you can find some company there.
-Wait, you told her?
-She had a right to know.
Yeah. I should have never
let you into the Funhouse. I knew that.
Don't blame Charles.
See, that's your problem, Ricky.
It's always somebody did you wrong.
Well, I'm done being your cheerleader
and your doormat.
Fine. Fine! You know what?
Have it your own way.
If you're gonna get under someone
to get over someone,
I'm gonna do the same thing.
And you, LeBron did the right thing
about going back to Cleveland.
Fuck you!
(ALL CLAMORING)
-l'm sick of this shit, man!
-Come on!
I'm right here. What do you want to do?
-Man, I can't stand this shit, man.
-Let go! What the fuck you doin'?
What the fuck you doin'?
You acting out again?
You know what the fuck we were gonna do
tonight before we got here?
We were gonna go spread Rod's ashes.
Now, you remember Rod, right?
He got swept up in life
and then died doing this shit, acting out,
just like you're fucking acting out right now.
Think about that shit for a second.
A second?
Man, lthink about that shit all the time, man.
-And I know you do, too.
-I do. I do.
So, fuck this.
Come with me and Charles
and we'll go put him to rest together.
-Let's do it together.
-Man, we did that weeks ago, man.
All right? I hate to break it to you,
but that's just dust in a jar.
All right? He is gone and so am I.
(TV PLAYING)
COMMENTATOR: (ON TV)
...72-67, lthink, is the ﬁrst one.
And a lot of these holes carry over water.
-(MOANING)
-So, you need bombers
who can put the ball high in the air,
hit the ball and not get it to roll off
these very, very tapered
and measured embankments.
CHARLES: (SIGHS)
This is my first time being on the field
since I hung up my spikes.
SPENCER: How's it feel?
CHARLES: Good as hell.
SPENCER: Sounds like you want
to lace 'em up again.
CHARLES: What makes you say that?
SPENCER: The look in your eye.
Hear it in your voice.
I rewrote my un-retirement speech
at least 15 times.
-I can't stop missing it, Spence.
-(CHUCKLES)
You never will, man.
-The guys, the routine, the competition.
-Mmm-hmm.
Man, I even miss the fucking jock itch.
Yeah, but you got out in one piece.
I ain't in one piece, though, Spence.
Football made me whole.
I know you can't argue that.
I can't argue with that.
You should do it.
You should come back
and you should leave it all out on the field
so you never give yourself a reason
to ever look back.
(WARM PLAYING)
(HITS BALL)
Long Island, New York.
Jason Antolotti.
(IMITATES CROWD CHEERING)
For you, Pops.
All right, Rod.
Right back where you started.